Expand config parameter location explanation (#2518)
AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build: FAQ.md

## How do I change the parameters, such as configure flags, for a Jenkins build

Where you change them depends on the scope of the parameter or flag:

- *If the parameter will affect all users, regardless of environment or OS/Arch*
  - [build.sh](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/blob/master/sbin/build.sh) OR [makejdk-any-platform.sh](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/blob/master/makejdk-any-platform.sh) depending on how high up in the execution stack it needs to be.
  - [Example PR - Adding a new archival feature for OpenJ9 memory dumps](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-build/pull/2464)

> - *If the parameter will affect all machines of a specific OS OR will affect a jenkins machine style environment at the shell script level*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *If the parameter will affect all machines of a specific OS OR related to the environment set up by [our ansible scripts](https://github.com/AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk-infrastructure) at the shell script level*
```
